rock jones golberg kevin nash yokozuna
in the 90s two thousandths from one
the pronunciation of these names is only one
pronunciation and he brought Russian
youth in awe of almost no legends
wrestling riveted to the screens of a million
viewers around the world today
the popularity of the American show slightly
diminished in addition appeared his
domestic counterparts in petersburg even
there is a special room where you can
enjoy the fights personally
about import substitution in spectacular
sports show alexander burenin not
I can be beaten 1
merciless someone tall is all
strong probably the most spectacular
discuss these real see sport
very unpleasant king just appeared
in the arena the fighter according to the legend is almost
heir to the royal family who came from
abroad with their lackeys
begins to demand
applause and attention hall meets
whistling but most annoying
public guest Kamchatka he plays
patriot native region from such
voices even a nightingale the robber
would feel awkward heroes
change like in a kaleidoscope and now
huge shaved man in a suit
sub-zero of mortal kombat battles with
a girl in yellow and a spokeswoman
the weaker sex time after time sends
giant on the floor of the ring well whom
will like
you had to start everything
it ends it was clear to me that
would it be necessary to get there once
I decided to be gallant my gallantry
played favor Milan and I did it with it
congratulations the main task think through
the image according to the laws of the show is absolutely
positive should not be beat
girls can intervene third in
duel is also welcome here
say from the stage more precisely forgive from the ring
little fighters this aspect remains to be
I work 1 year is not understood voice
do you play or is he really
this is my native voice margin
they talk it absolutely no and not
game do you hear it with you so common
This show came to Russia at the beginning
twenty first century famous titans
wrestling blasted night air sting
goldberg kevin nash
largely popular and added
nontrivial nikolay comments
Fomenko, who delicately felt that
pass on the serious
impossible and just improvised at
some places even yelling good
ask bagels to break his shoulder blades
no shouting the audience wait some more
a little bit
in the US in the ring with the fighters out
superstar hollywood and world sports
some wrestlers on the contrary go to
Hollywood remember rock he same dwayn
johnson
enough in wrestling policy or
ten back american organizers
ridiculed Canadian patriotism in
last year overseas public
Alexander Rusev plunges into the ring
comes out with a tricolor under quite
specific video sequence and destroys
to rescue rivals from the Russian invasion
Americans' pride comes in person
king of scorpions
and it does not matter that no Rusev Rusev and not
Generally born in Bulgaria miroslav bar
our main audience is delighted
empty seats no rating going wild
speaking in small halls our heroes
surely dream of big arenas and
similar scope
but for now the main thing is to ensure that neither
one viewer who saw domestic
the show had no desire to pronounce
insulting word parody then sponsors
there will be because everything depends on finances
and so assure messenger on the plot
endless and not embodied ideas enough
for many years
Alexander Burenin Art Soviet Shamil
fabric of Ekaterina Zaytseva and Mari
Dmitriev TV channel St. Petersburg